6328 fix http path normalization 1.10 (#6335)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/v1.10.7.md

### Solution

Downgrading the shopify/sarama library to release 1.37.2 resolves this problem. An issue with the maintainers of the sarama library has been created for further investigation.

## Fixed an issue with HTTP URL routing in Dapr sidecar

### Problem

> When using the Dapr sidecar HTTP API, some crafted HTTP URLs where not being routed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Dapr sidecar HTTP APIs, some HTTP URLs where not being routed to
```

> the correct handler, for example, when prefixing the URL path with duplicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the correct handler. For example, when prefixing the URL path with duplicated
```

slashes. i.e. `//v1.0/actors/DemoActor/1234/method/SetReminder`.

### Impact

> Requests which did not have perfect paths according to the API may be routed to

Reviewer: Please indicate the version this issue started. I suppose 1.10.0?

Author: Yeah, that looks to be the case from my testing

the wrong API handler, and typically return some kind of error.

### Root cause

> The root HTTP request handler was not normalizing the request's HTTP path before

Reviewer: I would keep it less specific.

> The HTTP router inside Dapr was "normalizing" the request's HTTP path only after evaluating the route, causing routing errors with un-normalized paths.

Author: :+1: 

Btw, *normalization* is a well defined term that doesn't need quoting. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986#section-6

passing it to the router to evaluate which handler to execute the request. Note
that, the path _was_ normalized by the time it reached the underlying API
handler.

### Solution

> Use the `URI().SetQueryString` and `URI().SetPath` functions, rather than the

Reviewer: Keep it generic, since this won't mean much for someone who's not a Dapr core developer.

> We changed the router used by the Dapr HTTP server to "normalize" HTTP paths before matching the route.
